feat: improve terra faq (#236)
FyraLabs/devdocs: pages/terra/faq.mdx

## Repo Information

### What packages does Terra have?

A lot! 

> We have all necessary [Stardust XR](https://stardustxr.org/) components, various hardware enablement tools, and also games, apps, fonts, and more!

Reviewer: We could have a most exhaustive list here, or rework it to be a bulleted list/worked into the portion below. 
Should add stuff like ghostty, prism, etc.

  - For maintainers, we try to lower the burden required to contribute by:
    - Using common and easily accessible platforms such as GitHub.
    - Heavily documenting our workflow and RPM packaging in general.
    - Using a custom toolchain and set of packaging helpers/macros, that extend on Fedora's.
    - Allowing online builds.
  - For distros, we provide a shared infrastructure that allows them to collaborate with other distros.
    - For example, [Bazzite's](https://bazzite.gg) custom build of mesa, which is hosted on Terra, is co-maintained and used by Ultramarine Linux.
  - For projects, we give an easy path to distribute their software with minimal downstream modifications, near to immediate updates, and less red tape.
    - For example, Terra and [Prism Launcher](https://prismlauncher.org) have worked together in order to automatically build and distrbute nightly versions of Prism Launcher, that allows users to test new changes and discover bugs, before they hit a stable release.
    - Another example is with the [Stardust XR](https://stardustxr.org) project, which was a largely collaborative effort to bring their software to end-users.

> - Automation, which automatically tracks, updates, and backports packages, reducing the time between upstream release and distribution to end-users. Additionally, this reduces a signifigant burdern for maintainers, who have lives too ;p.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automation that tracks, updates, and backports packages, reducing the time between upstream release and distribution to end-users. Additionally, this reduces a signifigant burdern for maintainers, who have lives too ;p.
```

> - The latest and greatest, which is why Terra offers nightly, preview, and rolling-release packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The latest and greatest, which is why Terra offers nightly, preview, and rolling-release versions of packages (when needed).
```

Due to our principles, our goals for Terra are different than the goals of other repositories. Here is a comparison:
- RPMFusion is a great repository, but it doesn't have the level of openness and transparency we're aiming for. Additionally, Terra runs on a rolling release model, which RPMFusion doesn't claim to meet.
  - Of course, these aspects have benefits and trade-offs, rolling release means you get the latest and greatest, but has a level of implied instability. Lowering the bar for contribution allows for more people to contribute more packages, which may be a trade-off in quality. We try to balance these aspects and find a solution we think works best.

> - COPR is great for individuals who want to utilize Fedora infrastructure to maintain and package personal repositories.

Reviewer: I think it's stylized officially as 'Copr'? Also could link to them and RPMfusion here

  - However, this diverges from a major aspect of Terra, which is our shared infrastructure, maintainers, and community. We belive this allows for a more consistent standard of quality and discoverability of packages.

A much more detailed answer can be found from one of our maintainers: https://github.com/terrapkg/packages/issues/6897#issuecomment-3447981771.

### Why do you hate Fedora?

We don't. We maintain a good relationship with the Fedora Project, several maintainers, and other downstreams.
While we may have disagreements of principle with upstream, we still highly value and respect their work, in which Terra would not be possible without.
We do market Terra in a way that some may feel provocative, but our intent is not to denegrate the work of others, but rather differentiate ourselves as a project.

## Technical details

### Where is the file server?

> https://repos.fyralabs.com/terra41/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://repos.fyralabs.com/terra43/
```
Honestly we could also set this link to rawhide so we don't have to keep updating it.

or for sources

https://repos.fyralabs.com/terra41-source/

> Replace `41` with your Fedora release version.

Reviewer: 43 in these places as well

## Repo Information

### What packages does Terra have?

A lot!

Some popular packages include:
- [Stardust XR](https://stardustxr.org/) components
- [Zed](https://zed.dev)
- [Ghostty](https://ghostty.org/)
- [Bazzite's](https://bazzite.gg/) offical build of Mesa, and other packages used in UBlue projects.
- [Prism Launcher](https://prismlauncher.org)
- Various hardware enablement tools

> You can search packages via `dnf search` or [Repology].

Reviewer 2: push pkgs.org

### Why YET another repository? Why not RPMFusion? Why not Copr?

The main principles that guide Terra are:
- Ease of use, for users, maintainers, distros, and projects.
  - For users, we purposely chose to host the project on a monorepo on GitHub so it's easy to discover, debug, and report issues. In general, we emphasize pragmatism when it improves the user experience.

>   - For maintainers, we try to lower the burden required to contribute by:

Reviewer 2: lenient guidelines too (anonymous contributions, all distributable packages allowed, etc)

    - Using common and easily accessible platforms such as GitHub.
    - Heavily documenting our workflow and RPM packaging in general.
    - Using a custom toolchain and set of packaging helpers/macros, that extend on Fedora's.
    - Allowing online builds.
  - For distros, we provide a shared infrastructure that allows them to collaborate with other distros.
    - For example, [Bazzite's](https://bazzite.gg) custom build of mesa, which is hosted on Terra, is co-maintained and used by Ultramarine Linux.
  - For projects, we give an easy path to distribute their software with minimal downstream modifications, near to immediate updates, and less red tape.
    - For example, Terra and [Prism Launcher](https://prismlauncher.org) have worked together in order to automatically build and distrbute nightly versions of Prism Launcher, that allows users to test new changes and discover bugs, before they hit a stable release.
    - Another example is with the [Stardust XR](https://stardustxr.org) project, which was a largely collaborative effort to bring their software to end-users.

> - Automation that tracks, updates, and backports packages, reducing the time between upstream release and distribution to end-users. Additionally, this reduces a signifigant burden for maintainers, who have lives too ;p.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automation that tracks, updates, and backports packages, reducing the time between upstream release and distribution to end-users. Additionally, this reduces a significant burden for maintainers, who have lives too ;p.
```

> - The latest and greatest, which is why Terra offers nightly, preview, and rolling-release versions of packages (when needed).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The latest and greatest, which is why Terra offers nightly, preview, and rolling-release versions of packages when needed.
```

Due to our principles, our goals for Terra are different than the goals of other repositories. Here is a comparison:

> - [RPMFusion](https://rpmfusion.org/) is a great repository, but it doesn't have the level of openness and transparency we're aiming for. Additionally, Terra runs on a rolling release model, which RPMFusion doesn't claim to meet.

Reviewer 2: RPM Fusion. Starting from second mention, use Fusion.

  - Of course, these aspects have benefits and trade-offs, rolling release means you get the latest and greatest, but has a level of implied instability. Lowering the bar for contribution allows for more people to contribute more packages, which may be a trade-off in quality. We try to balance these aspects and find a solution we think works best.
- [Copr](https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org) is great for individuals who want to utilize Fedora infrastructure to maintain and package personal repositories.
  - However, this diverges from a major aspect of Terra, which is our shared infrastructure, maintainers, and community. We belive this allows for a more consistent standard of quality and discoverability of packages.

A much more detailed answer can be found from one of our maintainers: https://github.com/terrapkg/packages/issues/6897#issuecomment-3447981771.

### Why do you hate Fedora?

> We don't. We maintain a good relationship with the Fedora Project, several maintainers, and other downstreams.

Reviewer 2: Terra does not replace Fedora. Terra depends on and supplements Fedora.

While we may have disagreements of principle with upstream, we still highly value and respect their work, in which Terra would not be possible without.
We do market Terra in a way that some may feel provocative, but our intent is not to denegrate the work of others, but rather differentiate ourselves as a project.

## Technical details

### Where is the file server?

https://repos.fyralabs.com/terrarawhide/

or for sources

https://repos.fyralabs.com/terrarawhide-source/

> Replace `rawhide` with your Fedora release version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `rawhide` with your Fedora version release number.
```

Reviewer 2: spaces
